c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\BotAppli.dll.config
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\BotAppli.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\BotAppli.pdb
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Chronic.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Documents.Client.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.Autofac.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.Azure.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.History.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.Azure.Documents.Client.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.pdb
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.Autofac.pdb
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.Autofac.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.Azure.pdb
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.Azure.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.History.pdb
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.History.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocol.Extensions.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\ar\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\cs\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\de-dE\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\en\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\es\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\fa\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\fr\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\it\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\ja\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\nl\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\pt-BR\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\ru\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\zh-hans\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\obj\Debug\BotAppli.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\obj\Debug\BotAppli.dll
c:\users\ekemb\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BotAppli\BotAppli\obj\Debug\BotAppli.pdb
